[Music]
my name is Steve and this is my 1992
Nissan 240sx so I've been involved in
the import car scene since about 2001 or
so I started out in Honda's first one
was a sweet 1982
CVCC wagon 5-speed pretty sweet after I
blew that one up a few times I actually
went to an 80s Accord and then finally
something a little more modern with a 97
Civic EX and that was in 2003 well just
a few months after I bought that car I
took a ride in the you know buddy's
Nissan 240sx with an SR swap which
really wasn't that popular at the time
where I was and I was hooked from then
on so a couple months later I saved up
some money bought my own and never
looked back
so I've owned the car since 2007 and I
bought it then to replace my first 240
which I bought in 2003 I think my car is
kind of unique in the few 40 seen
because it's not here typical drift
missile it's a pretty low key but have a
decent amount of horsepower and you know
it's going to be set up for once
so as you can see on the outside of the
car it's a not much is really done to
the outside but my primary focus of the
build has been the motor so far and so
it's a fully built SR 20 well you know
CB Pistons scat rods you know balance
bottom in ported cylinder head etc etc
some of the key mods are a twin scroll
GT 3071 our turbo with a full race twin
scroll manifold and then I built valve
train if I had to pick one word to
describe the car it would definitely be
sleeper on the outside it's just your
everyday $500 to 40 but it definitely
has it where counts an interesting story
when I first started racing drag racing
I had just the stock SR with a stock
turbo on it so it was only like a low 13
second car and an older gentleman came
in with a Dodge Viper
with the only street tires on it and I
asked him he wanted to race my my little
Nissan and he basically told me that it
was a waste of his time Radio the the
line director the guy who kind of sets
up the the races at that track and asked
him to set me up with the after I did
all the tacking and he did so and we
lined up and he basically couldn't get
traction whatsoever and and I did and so
I killed him out of the hole and he
basically ran in mid 13 due to lack of
traction and so I actually do pretty
funny future plans are I'm actually
going to be swapping the chassis to a
newer 96 s 14 240 over this next winter
and then after that I will be focusing
primarily on suspension that kind of
round out the car I'd like to thank all
my friends and family and especially my
girlfriend of almost seven years for
always being there and supporting me
with my mischief and doing what I love
to do and you know never telling me to
do something else
you